namada-close-quarters-testnet-1 docs (#3)
anoma/docs: src/testnets/namada-close-quarters-testnet-1.md

# Namada Close Quarters Testnet 1

This testnet introduces the following new features:

- [on-chain governance](../user-guide/ledger/governance.md) - create and vote for proposals both onchain and offchain
- [MASP (multi-asset shielded pool) transfers](../user-guide/ledger/masp.md) - make private transfers of any Namada token

Future testnets will include more features as described in [the Namada spec](https://specs.anoma.net/master/architecture/namada.html), like IBC (inter-blockchain communication protocol), bridging to the Ethereum blockchain and more.

## Status

- 2021-05-02 - we are currently preparing to launch the chain. Applications are open for people to be genesis validators.

## Chain information

Chain ID: TBD

You will need to compile the binaries from source yourself, make sure you have checked out the specific commit `f1afdffd5e43ad4bb448db7bf5bc1e23464350f7` to build from, then follow [the building from source guide](../user-guide/install.md#from-source).

## Applying to be a genesis validator

### Prerequisites

- a machine that meets the [requirements](../user-guide/install.md#hardware-requirements) for running a validator node

> - an associated public IPv4 address with ports 26656 and 26657 reachable from anywhere

Reviewer: For testnets, there's no danger with opening `26657` for RPC, but validators in livenet shouldn't open their RPC, so let's omit this:

```suggestion
- an associated public IPv4 address with ports 26656 reachable from anywhere for P2P connections
```

I think IPv6 should also work, but since we've only tested with v4, let's leave as is
